Update 100-global-infra.md adding useful links (#6600)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/aws/content/100-introduction/103-aws/100-global-infra.md

# AWS Global Infrastructure

> AWS Global Infrastructure refers to the layout of AWS regions and availability zones around the world. A region is a geographical area, each consisting of two or more availability zones (AZs) which are engineered to be isolated from failures in other AZs. AZs provide inexpensive, low-latency network connectivity to other AZs in the same region. In addition to the regions and AZs, AWS also includes edge locations for content delivery and regional edge caches, enhancing user experience by reducing latency. AWS currently operates in many geographic regions around the world.
> 
> Useful links:
> - https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/?p=ngi&loc=0
> - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS Global Infrastructure refers to the layout of AWS regions and availability zones around the world. A region is a geographical area, each consisting of two or more availability zones (AZs) which are engineered to be isolated from failures in other AZs. AZs provide inexpensive, low-latency network connectivity to other AZs in the same region. In addition to the regions and AZs, AWS also includes edge locations for content delivery and regional edge caches, enhancing user experience by reducing latency. AWS currently operates in many geographic regions around the world.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@official@AWS Global Infrastructure](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/?p=ngi&loc=0)
- [@official@AWS Regions / Availability Zones](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html)
```
